

About Page

Intro to me
I’m Rachel Connell, thank you for stopping by! I am deeply passionate about the possibilities that can open up to women of God and His Kingdom when they utilize coaching as a tool in their journey. That’s why I do what I do. I’m eager to get to know you and see how we can work together as you continue on the next part of your journey. 
A bit about me. I have worked as a coach since 2020 where I coached in a corporate environment, specifically in education and career coaching. Here, I partnered with hundreds of clients over my time with the company. My clients ranged from recent high school grads to men and women nearing retirement or starting second careers. While working in this environment, I earned my Professional Coach Certification through an ICF-accredited academy. 
Backing up a bit, prior to stepping into the workforce I attended and graduated from Moody Bible Institute where I earned a Bachelors of Theology. The shift from Bible college to working in the corporate world (and becoming a wife and a mom within that time) has deeply impacted my beliefs and convictions around coaching. 
In 2026, I stepped away from coaching in the corporate world and began Rachel Connell Coaching. My passion is coaching women as they navigate the variety of transitions and seasons they walk through. I would have benefited so deeply from having a personal coach at each pivotal moment and season in my life. I believe it would’ve challenged me to grapple with decisions, beliefs, habits etc. in a deeply impactful way.
So that’s why I coach other women. Christian women, we are meant to be powerful tools on this earth in the Hands of our Father. This world is distracting, and coaching is a tool to peel back those distractions, expose the lies you believe, and address the habits and rhythms that keep you chained. Coaching can then help to set you firmly on the path God has written out for you. 
I hope to partner with you in your journey. 

Philosophy
Coaching is a place where you can come when the path in front of you feels turbulent. Whether it’s due to a lack of clarity, insecurity, upheaval in your life or a general sense of disappointment, coaching can be a soft landing place. But in coaching you don’t just stay there; you gain the insight and tools necessary to take the next step on your path. Coaching is meant to support you in gaining wisdom and discernment within your situation and to be able to make decisions that take you forward on the journey you are meant to be on. Not someone else’s journey and not a mediocre journey of your own creation, born of not knowing who you are or where you’re headed. 
My goal is to help you live intentionally and not just exist where you are. How easy it is to coast. That can look like being a Bible college student coasting on the skirttails of a good environment, but never challenging herself deeply on where she stands. Or it can look like the mom in a season where she has barely a minute to herself to even think, let alone reflect on how in or out of alignment she might be with her values. 
It can seem like you don’t have the time or it’s not that important, but I would gently challenge you that each moment of your life is significant and how you show up matters. My hope in coaching is for you to see that significance, to take seriously the time you have, and live in a way that is worthy of the calling you have received from your Heavenly Father. 

Know your purpose. Live intentionally. Don’t merely exist. 

Who Do I Coach?
I coach Christian women throughout the many different seasons they find themselves in. They are women who hold their faith in Christ dearly, and who desire not to just do life for God, but to do it with Him. Does this mean that all topics I coach on are faith-related? Absolutely not. I coach women on anything from transitioning from the workforce to being a stay at home mom, to college students navigating the complexities of launching into adulthood, to the challenge of making a major career pivot, and on and on. I believe in the power of Christian women stepping into whatever sphere they occupy with confidence and not stumbling through their journey and minimizing their impact because of a lack of clarity or direction. 
You might be a college student just launching into adulthood with a world of possibilities in front of you, or you may be a few years into your career with a marriage and family to take care of- and maybe the possibilities feel like they’re fading. Coaching is for you. Or, you could be far along in your career and your kids and grown and you're thinking, ‘Now what?’ What a great time to step into coaching because, as I said, each moment of your life is significant! 
The women I coach have unique and varied stories. No matter the unique details, my job as a coach is to help them along on their journey as women who are grounded, confident, and unshakeable.

How Does it Work?
A great starting point is to schedule a free 30-minute discovery call with me. We will discuss what you desire out of coaching, where you are at and what you are navigating. You can ask me any questions you have about myself or the coaching process. We then discuss which coaching package makes the most sense for you and your goals. 
The packages I offer are 4-, 6-, and 8-week coaching packages. Within each package, you can choose to either meet weekly or biweekly for coaching calls. Your own availability plus the nature of what you are pursuing coaching generally determines how long of a package you choose and whether you want coaching weekly or biweekly. 
Before we work together, you will sign a coaching agreement and complete an intake form. This sets us on a solid path to get to do the work of coaching together. 
Coaching sessions are 50 minutes and we do them virtually. 

My Theological Beliefs
As a Christian coach, I think it’s important that you are able to see what I believe theologically. You do not have to agree with me 100% in order for us to work together! But I believe that transparency on my side about my beliefs is important as you consider what voices you invite into the deep and personal parts of your life. In short, I am an Evangelical Christian. I believe in the inerrancy of the Bible, the Godhood of Jesus Christ and that it is by His life, death and resurrection that we are able to believe and be saved…by grace, through face. I believe in the power of the Holy Spirit to enliven us to live holy lives and to know what is good and right. There’s a whole lot more I could write, but I’m happy to discuss any questions you may have! 



My Credentials
The Advanced Professional Coaching Certification through the Academy of Creative Coaching. This is an International Coach Federation (ICF) Level 2 Training, an immersive, 125-hour advanced program.

Services
1:1 Coaching
4, 8, and 12 week coaching agreements. Weekly and biweekly options available within that. 
Free Discovery Call
Can be scheduled at any point. Will be used to uncover how coaching might support you with where you’re at and what coaching package makes the most sense for you.

Link to price chart
Group coaching of my program for college women set on a cadence- still to be created. 



Contact Page
should have a lead generation form



pricing:
Package Length	Per-Session Rate	Weekly Option Cost	Biweekly Option Cost
4 Weeks (Sprint)	$150 / session	$600 (4 sessions)	$300 (2 sessions)
8 Weeks (Momentum)	$140 / session	$1,120 (8 sessions)	$560 (4 sessions)
12 Weeks (Deep Dive)	$130 / session	$1,560 (12 sessions)	$780 (6 sessions)

